Just a Small Typo fix (#13)
project-error/projecterror.dev: docs/npwd/faq.md

### Event playerJoining was not safe for net

> You need to update your artefacts to a version beyond `3622`. Don’t know your artefact version? Type `version` into your console. 

Reviewer: This is actually spelled correctly already. As per the url here https://runtime.fivem.net/artifacts/fivem/build_proot_linux/master/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You need to update your artifacts to a version beyond `3622`. Don’t know your artifact version? Type `version` into your console. 
```
